Update contributing guide line (#2069)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/Contributing.md

- **Edit via online editor**. Navigate to the doc piece that you want to edit, press the button on the top right - and it will take you to the file at GitHub which you would need to edit (look for the pencil icon to the top right). Press it - the fork will be created and you'll edit the docs in your version of the repo (fork). You can commit those changes (preferably to a new branch) and make them into a pull request to main repo.

```{note}
OK English grammar and understanding of docs structure would be enough. You would also need a GitHub account.
```

### Providing media to showcase features

Those would be used in docs and with a link to the respective mod as a bonus for the mod author. To record GIFs you can use such apps as, for example, [GifCam](http://blog.bahraniapps.com/gifcam/).

```{note}
Please, provide screenshots, GIFs and videos in their natural size and without excess stuff or length.
```

### Promoting the work

You can always help us by spreading the word about the project among people, whether you're an influential youtuber, a C&C related community leader or just an average player.

> ## Project guidelines and policies (for developers and maintainers)

Reviewer: How about we make policies another page and just link them in "contributing features" and in ToC?

Author: Done.

Those roles are assigned based on the complexity of the PRs and the experience of the contributors. The roles are not fixed and can change based on the contributor's experience and the complexity of the PRs they are working on. Also only the commonly occured roles are established in the list, in case of need - individual permissions can be assigned to contributors by leads (for example, to help with documentation translations).

### Suggested reviewing amount

The amount of code that maintainers should review should be roughly the same as the amount of code in the PRs they submit themselves.
However, considering that we already have a large backlog of PRs at present, we suggest that maintainers review an additional 25% to 50% of the code. Only in this way can we continuously reduce the number of backlogged PRs.

> This is not a hard and fast rule, but we hope that each maintainer can try their best to achieve this. The lead will regularly remind maintainers who participate less in code reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of code that maintainers should review should be roughly the same as the amount of code in the PRs they submit themselves. However, considering that we already have a large backlog of PRs at present, we suggest that maintainers review more code than they submit. Only in this way can we continuously reduce the number of backlogged PRs.

At present this is not a hard rule, but we hope that each maintainer can try their best to achieve this.
```

Author: I think it's better to have a quantifiable reference value.

Reviewer: ok, but leave the rest of my amendments then
